/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:41:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:65:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:121:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:148:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:175:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]

}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:220:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:530:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:599:1: warning: control may reach end of non-void function [-Wreturn-type]
}
^
/liveness_analysis/Benchmarks/TermCOMP/C/Di_Stefano_20/formation-noarray_true-termination/formation-noarray_true-termination.c:683:3: warning: implicit declaration of function '__VERIFIER_assume' is invalid in C99 [-Wimplicit-function-declaration]
  __VERIFIER_assume((!check) || (getHoutCnt(id) == 0));
  ^
9 warnings generated.

line 2543:5 extraneous input 'metadata' expecting EXCLAMATION
line 2543:25 no viable alternative at input '!'
Instruction count:1653
deleted entry node of now
deleted entry node of now
deleted entry node of getpc
deleted entry node of propagate
deleted entry node of confirm
deleted entry node of _0_2
deleted entry node of _0_3
deleted entry node of _0_4
deleted entry node of _0_5
deleted entry node of _0_6
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of lstig
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of __abs
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of getLtstamp
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of now
deleted entry node of setLtstamp
deleted entry node of getpc
deleted entry node of propagate
deleted entry node of confirm
deleted entry node of _0_2
deleted entry node of _0_3
deleted entry node of _0_4
deleted entry node of _0_5
deleted entry node of _0_6
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of lstig
deleted entry node of __abs
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of getLtstamp
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of now
deleted entry node of setLtstamp
deleted entry node of getpc
deleted entry node of getpc
deleted entry node of getpc
deleted entry node of propagate
deleted entry node of confirm
deleted entry node of _0_2
deleted entry node of _0_3
deleted entry node of _0_4
deleted entry node of _0_5
deleted entry node of _0_6
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getLvalue
deleted entry node of lstig
deleted entry node of __abs
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getHout
deleted entry node of getHin
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHoutCnt
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getI
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of attr
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of getHinCnt
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of getLtstamp
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of setLvalue
deleted entry node of now
deleted entry node of setLtstamp
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
deleted entry node of timeof
Graph finished, checking  consistency
Graph finished, checked consistency, took 0.106s
Runtime: 66444 milliseconds